if you can't get to the salon to get
your hair expertly straightened
mastering straightening irons gives you
the skill to create gorgeous sleek hair
at home your straightening iron should
ideally have a temperature control if
your hair is fine use the lower
temperature setting ceramic plates are
also preferable as these make it easier
to pull the hair down you should be able
to title the plates to avoid lines in
your hair your hair should be clean
conditioned and 100% dry you don't need
to apply any styling products first but
if your hair is curly you should brush
it first section the hair first and clip
away the hair you are not focusing on
then take a small section of hair
between the plates gently glide the
plates from the roots to the ends in one
movement avoid leaving the irons on your
hair for longer than a few seconds for
fine hair focus only on the lengths and
ends don't stay in one place for too
long it should be one smooth movement
down the section of hair styling the
back of the head can be difficult take
your time and section the hair using
Clips so you can concentrate on one area
at a time to fix the style use Wella Pro
Series strong or max hold hairspray
speak to your hairdresser for expert
advice and questions and remember to
visit your hairdresser every 4 to 6
weeks to keep your hair looking its best
now choose what you want to watch next
you